When approaching a streaming problem,
it is important to consider the use of infrastructure,
and its potential costs and benefits.
A very cheap way to do this is to use a free diagramming tool like draw.io.
Feel free to go to draw.io in your browser to follow along.
Using draw.io can be really useful to sketch out ideas.
It's also a lot easier to communicate electronically,
if you have a need to send drawings to other people who are not located with you.
Let's draw what we are going to build in this lesson,
starting in Lesson 1.
A lot of times when we're doing an architectural drawing,
we're going to use an element that looks like a sideways pipe.
This is a topic,
so whenever you see this symbol,
it means it's a Kafka topic.
Usually what we'll do is label the topic name inside of that symbol.
You'll find in some applications like draw.io,
it may be hard to get the name to display correctly,
so you can drag a text onto it,
and then you should be able to make the name look correct.
Let's look at the topics that we're going to use in this lesson.
First of all, where are the topics coming from?
They're all coming from Kafka,
so let's draw Kafka.
Now later on in the lesson,
we're not going to draw Kafka,
because a lot of times,
people when they see topic like this,
they assume that that topic is connecting to a message broker,
and so really the only thing they'll need to know is which message broker you're using,
and the drawing will become intuitive to them.
Because we're starting off,
we're going to draw Kafka in this diagram.
One of the topics that we're going to use in this lesson is called gear position.
That topic has vehicle IDs,
and then what gear the truck is in,
whether it's neutral or so on.
Now I'm going to create a couple other topics,
so I just copied this symbol,
and then I'm just going to paste it.
An easy way to create this symbol if you're trying to figure out how I did it,
is to take a database and turn it sideways.
I just click on this database and click the little rotate icon,
then it rotates to the right,
and then I can make it the right size by stretching it with the blue arrows.
Let's see, so I actually hovered over the blue dot instead of the blue arrow,
and then I stretched it,
so that's how I made these symbols.
Okay, so we've got three different topics so far,
and the topics are going to be topics we read from in our Spark application.
I'm going to label each of them with their topic name.
Another topic we might work with is called vehicle status,
and another one is called vehicle check-in.
You'll notice with just a little bit of work,
I can create a pretty clear high overview of what my data pipeline looks like.
Then later on we're actually going to create data that we're going to send to Kafka,
and we're going to name that topic as well,
so let's label that.
So I've just copied another topic,
and I'm going to label this one.
You might get to choose the name of the topic you create,
I called mine chicken status.
What are we missing?
We have Kafka, we have the topics,
we don't have Spark.
So I'm going to copy this block and paste,
and then I'm going to call that Spark.
The arrows become important here.
They help us know which way the topics are being generated and read from.
So which is the source and which is the sink basically?
When we're reading from gear position,
we're going to connect to Kafka to read from it.
So the data's coming from Kafka,
and we're reading it in Spark,
and that is the same with the vehicle status topic,
we're reading from it,
we're not writing to it in Spark.
So Spark is the sink and Kafka is the source.
There may be some other system generating that data,
and we will talk more about that later.
So vehicle checking as well is being sinked to Spark,
so we're going to draw it like that.
So Spark is going to read in all of these topics
at different stages and do something with them.
Then Spark is going to create and write to a topic.
In this case, the topic is called check-in status.
So I'm going to draw a line that goes to that,
and then I'm going to reflect that data being put into Kafka.
This is really a simple tool,
and just using some basic shapes,
you can draw a good high level diagram that helps people
visualize what your plans are with a Spark streaming and a Kafka project.